# IntlVerification


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | [**IntlVerId**](IntlVerId.md) |  | [optional] 
**recipient** | [**Recipient**](Recipient.md) |  | [optional] 
**primary_line** | **str** | The primary delivery line (usually the street address) of the address.  | [optional] 
**secondary_line** | [**SecondaryLine**](SecondaryLine.md) |  | [optional] 
**last_line** | **str** | Combination of the following applicable &#x60;components&#x60;: * &#x60;city&#x60; * &#x60;state&#x60; * &#x60;zip_code&#x60; * &#x60;zip_code_plus_4&#x60;  | [optional] 
**country** | **str** | The country of the address. Will be returned as a 2 letter country short-name code (ISO 3166). | [optional] 
**coverage** | **str** | The coverage level for the country. This represents the maximum level of accuracy an input address can be verified to.  * &#x60;SUBBUILDING&#x60; - Coverage down to unit numbers. For example, in an apartment or a large building * &#x60;HOUSENUMBER/BUILDING&#x60; - Coverage down to house number. For example, the address where a house or building may be located * &#x60;STREET&#x60; - Coverage down to street. This means that we can verify that an street exists in a city, state, country * &#x60;LOCALITY&#x60; - Coverage down to city, state, or village or province. This means that we can verify that a city, village, province, or state exists in a country. Countries differ in how they define what is a province, state, city, village, etc. This attempts to group eveyrthing together. * &#x60;SPARSE&#x60; - Some addresses for this country exist in our databases  | [optional] 
**deliverability** | **str** | Summarizes the deliverability of the &#x60;intl_verification&#x60; object. Possible values are: * &#x60;deliverable&#x60; — The address is deliverable. * &#x60;deliverable_missing_info&#x60; — The address is missing some information, but is most likely deliverable. * &#x60;undeliverable&#x60; — The address is most likely not deliverable. Some components of the address (such as city or postal code) may have been found. * &#x60;no_match&#x60; — This address is not deliverable. No matching street could be found within the city or postal code.  | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The status level for the country. This represents the maximum level of accuracy an input address can be verified to.  * &#x60;LV4&#x60; - Verified. The input data is correct. All input data was able to match in databases. * &#x60;LV3&#x60; - Verified. The input data is correct. All input data was able to match in databases &lt;em&gt;after&lt;/em&gt; some or all elements were standarized. The input data may also be using outdated city, state, or country names. * &#x60;LV2&#x60; - Verified. The input data is correct although some input data is unverifiable due to incomplete data. * &#x60;LV1&#x60; - Verified. The input data is acceptable but in an attempt to standarize user input, errors were introduced. * &#x60;LF4&#x60; - Fixed. The input data is matched and fixed. (Example: Brighon, UK -&gt; Brighton, UK) * &#x60;LF3&#x60; - Fixed. The input data is matched and fixed but some elements such as Subbuilding number and house number cannot be checked. * &#x60;LF2&#x60; - Fixed. The input data is matched but some elements such as Street cannot be checked. * &#x60;LF1&#x60; - Fixed. The input data is acceptable but in an attempt to standarize user input, errors were introduced. * &#x60;LM4&#x60; - Missing Info. The input data cannot be corrected completely. * &#x60;LM3&#x60; - Missing Info. The input data cannot be corrected completely and there were multiple matches found in databases. * &#x60;LM2&#x60; - Missing Info. The input data cannot be corrected completely and only some elements were found. * &#x60;LU1&#x60; - Unverified. The input data cannot be corrected or matched.  | [optional] 
**components** | [**IntlComponents**](IntlComponents.md) |  | [optional] 
**object** | **str** | Value is resource type. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "intl_verification"
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


