# LetterEditable


## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**color** | **bool** | Set this key to &#x60;true&#x60; if you would like to print in color. Set to &#x60;false&#x60; if you would like to print in black and white. | 
**to** | **str** | Must either be an address ID or an inline object with correct address parameters. | 
**_from** | **str** | Must either be an address ID or an inline object with correct address parameters. | 
**file** | **str** | PDF file containing the letter&#39;s formatting. | 
**description** | [**ResourceDescription**](ResourceDescription.md) |  | [optional] 
**metadata** | [**MetadataModel**](MetadataModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**mail_type** | [**MailType**](MailType.md) |  | [optional] 
**merge_variables** | [**MergeVariables**](MergeVariables.md) |  | [optional] 
**send_date** | **datetime** | A timestamp in ISO 8601 format which specifies a date after the current time and up to 180 days in the future to send the letter off for production. Setting a send date overrides the default [cancellation window](#section/Cancellation-Windows) applied to the mailpiece. Until the &#x60;send_date&#x60; has passed, the mailpiece can be canceled. If a date in the format &#x60;2017-11-01&#x60; is passed, it will evaluate to midnight UTC of that date (&#x60;2017-11-01T00:00:00.000Z&#x60;). If a datetime is passed, that exact time will be used. A &#x60;send_date&#x60; passed with no time zone will default to UTC, while a &#x60;send_date&#x60; passed with a time zone will be converted to UTC. | [optional] 
**double_sided** | **bool** | Set this attribute to &#x60;true&#x60; for double sided printing, or &#x60;false&#x60; for for single sided printing. Defaults to &#x60;true&#x60;. | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of True
**address_placement** | **str** | Specifies the location of the address information that will show through the double-window envelope. To see how this will impact your letter design, view our letter template.   * &#x60;top_first_page&#x60; - (default) print address information at the top of your provided first page   * &#x60;insert_blank_page&#x60; - insert a blank address page at the beginning of your file (you will be charged for the extra page)   * &#x60;bottom_first_page_center&#x60; - **(deprecation planned within a few months)** print address information at the bottom center of your provided first page   * &#x60;bottom_first_page&#x60; - print address information at the bottom of your provided first page  | [optional]  if omitted the server will use the default value of "top_first_page"
**return_envelope** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | indicates if a return envelope is requested for the letter. The value corresponding to this field is by default a boolean. But if the account is signed up for custom return envelopes, the value is of type string and is &#x60;no_9_single_window&#x60; for a standard return envelope and a custom &#x60;return_envelope_id&#x60; for non-standard return envelopes.  To include a return envelope with your letter, set to &#x60;true&#x60; and specify the &#x60;perforated_page&#x60;. See [pricing](https://www.lob.com/pricing/print-mail#compare) for extra costs incurred. | [optional] 
**perforated_page** | **int, none_type** | Required if &#x60;return_envelope&#x60; is &#x60;true&#x60;. The number of the page that should be perforated for use with the return envelope. Must be greater than or equal to &#x60;1&#x60;. The blank page added by &#x60;address_placement&#x3D;insert_blank_page&#x60; will be ignored when considering the perforated page number. To see how perforation will impact your letter design, view our [perforation guide](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/public.lob.com/assets/templates/letter_perf_template.pdf). | [optional] 
**custom_envelope** | **str, none_type** |  | [optional] 
**extra_service** | **str, none_type** | Add an extra service to your letter:   * &#x60;certified&#x60; - track and confirm delivery for domestic destinations. An extra sheet (1 PDF page single-sided or 2 PDF pages double-sided) is added to the beginning of your letter for address and barcode information. See here for templates: [#10 envelope](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/public.lob.com/assets/templates/letter_certified_template.pdf) and [flat envelope](https://s3-us-west-2.amazonaws.com/public.lob.com/assets/templates/letter_certified_flat_template.pdf) (used for letters over 6 pages single-sided or 12 pages double-sided). You will not be charged for this extra sheet.   * &#x60;certified_return_receipt&#x60; - request an electronic copy of the recipient&#39;s signature to prove delivery of your certified letter   * &#x60;registered&#x60; - provides tracking and confirmation for international addresses  | [optional] 
**cards** | [**[CardId], none_type**](CardId.md) | A single-element array containing an existing card id in a string format. See [cards](#tag/Cards) for more information. | [optional] 
**billing_group_id** | **str** | An optional string with the billing group ID to tag your usage with. Is used for billing purposes. Requires special activation to use. See [Billing Group API](https://lob.github.io/lob-openapi/#tag/Billing-Groups) for more information. | [optional] 
**any string name** | **bool, date, datetime, dict, float, int, list, str, none_type** | any string name can be used but the value must be the correct type | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


